### This is the received feedback from a peer about the DevOps assessment.pdf file

Great work, Guilherme! I think your approach is sound and reasonable. I will only make a few comments. Please don’t underestimate the power of manual testing. Especially after engineers are working on a project for a while, they have tremendous knowledge and can find some problems in the new code very quickly, while automated large integration tests take time to develop. % test coverage in our experience turned out to be very unreliable metric and even harmful if used as a goal. When it is used developers start to write unit tests for the easiest code first which is not really you want to be unit testing. The biggest benefit we see from unit tests is when they are applied to small and complicated pieces of code which do important functions. Those pieces usually need many tests but after they are done the code becomes very reliable and easy to change. To address the risk of developers resisting the move to the cloud I would suggest to invest more into developer’s education and empower them to make important decisions. When moving the infrastructure piece-by-piece please be wary of the additional complexity of communication between those pieces when some of them are in the cloud and some are still in the data center. Sometimes communicating over the internet introduces disconnects and delays which may break applications. We had this problem and it made us reconsider our plans and move all tightly connected pieces all together. Thank you very much for sharing your project with me! Please feel free to reach out if you want to talk some more and I can be of help!